= Composite Filesource Plugin for Bespin

This is a Bespin plugin that allows multiple file sources to be accessible by Bespin.
What I wanted to be able to do is to mount a local fileserver from a remote Bespin
installation so I can access local files.

This plugin only works on the very latest Bespin client (v0.8).

== Configuration

To configure the Bespin client to use this plugin, you'll need to build a customized
version of BespinEmbedded so you can make the composite_filesource plugin the primary
file source for Bespin.

You can find more information about how to build a customized version of BespinEmbedded here:

https://bespin.mozillalabs.com/docs/embedding/building.html

Here's what my build manifest looks like:

  {
      "output_dir" : "../../public/bespin",
      "plugins"    : [
              "embedded",
              "syntax_manager",
              "bespin_server",
              "file_commands",
              "uicommands",

              "javascript",
              "html",

              "composite_filesource"
      ],
      "dynamic_plugins" : [],
      "search_path"     : ["../plugins"],

      "config": {
          "objects": {
              "filesource": {
                  "factory"   : "composite_filesource",
                  "arguments" : [ "initialSource" ],
                  "objects"   : { "0": "bespin_filesource" }
              },
              "bespin_filesource": {
                  "factory"   : "bespin_filesource",
                  "arguments" : [ "server" ],
                  "objects"   : { "0": "server" }
              }
          }
      }
  }

In my case, I have the composite_filesource plugin in a *plugins* directory located at the same
directory level of my BespinEmbedded installation directory.  You'll also want to tweak the *output_dir*
to point to where you want the output files to go.

== Usage

Once configured, you can run the *mount* command in the command line to add a new file source:

  mount localhost:8888

The file server will need to support the same functions as the default Bespin file source.  In addition,
it will also have to support Cross-Origin Resource Sharing.  You can get the file server I built here
(Ruby-based):

http://github.com/cyu/bespin_filesrb
